README.md, before:

# Piano ⌨

#### Modular keyboard written in pure JavaScript.

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/soixantecircuits/piano](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/soixantecircuits/piano?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

*Piano is still under active development.*

# Usage

Download [piano](piano.js) and at least the [default layout](layouts/default.js) into your project and load them.

```html
  <!-- Load the librarie -->
  <script src="path/to/piano.js"></script>
  <!-- And at least the default layout -->
  <script src="path/to/layouts/default.js"></script>
```

Then, add the `data-piano` attribute to trigger the keyboard on click/touch.

#### Demo

Make sure you have `node`, `npm` and `gulp` installed. After you have installed development dependencies with `npm i`, you can run `gulp serve` and go to `http://localhost:8080/demo` to check a demo.

# Positionning / styling

You can define positionning with the `data-piano-position` attribute. You can use the following:

`'left', 'center', 'right' -> x axis`

`'top', 'middle', 'bottom' -> y axis`

For example:

```html
<input type="text" data-piano data-piano-position="left, center" />
```

Or, with the `absolute` keyword, you can define absolute x and y positions:

```html
<input type="text" data-piano data-piano-position="absolute, 100, 150" />
```

Default positions are `'center, bottom'`.

# Layouts

*Soon.*

# Development

Just clone the repository and you'll be good to go.

# To Do

- Support accentuation.
- Add nice style and animation.
- Make sure keys are still visible when someone has its finger on it (cf. Android/iOS keyboards).
- Support hammer.js and/or other touch events librarie.
- Make sure it works well with requireJS, AngularJS, MetoarJS, React.
- Publish it to bower and be famous.
- Test with IE11, Chrome, Firefox.
- Test embeded in electron and nwjs.

Commit message:

Added data-piano-event-id attribute support for awesome form interaction

README.md, after:

# Piano ⌨

#### Customizable virtual keyboard written in pure JavaScript.

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/soixantecircuits/piano](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/soixantecircuits/piano?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

*Piano is still under active development.*

# Usage

Download [piano](piano.js) and at least the [default layout](layouts/default.js) into your project and load them.

```html
  <!-- Load the librarie -->
  <script src="path/to/piano.js"></script>
  <!-- And at least the default layout -->
  <script src="path/to/layouts/default.js"></script>
```

Then, add the `data-piano` attribute to trigger the keyboard on click/touch.

#### Demo

Make sure you have `node`, `npm` and `gulp` installed. After you have installed development dependencies with `npm i`, you can run `gulp serve` and go to `http://localhost:8080/demo` to check a demo.

## Positionning / styling

You can define positionning with the `data-piano-position` attribute. You can use the following:

`'left', 'center', 'right' -> x axis`

`'top', 'middle', 'bottom' -> y axis`

For example:

```html
<input type="text" data-piano data-piano-position="left, center" />
```

Or, with the `absolute` keyword, you can define absolute x and y positions:

```html
<input type="text" data-piano data-piano-position="absolute, 100, 150" />
```

Default positions are `'center, bottom'`.

## Submit

You can define a `data-piano-event-id` attribute on your element and then listen to it.
For example, if you have a `data-piano-event-id="input-event"`:

```
element.addEventListener('input-event', function (event){
  console.log('element with id "%s" submitted.', event.target.id);
});
```

## Layouts

*Soon.*

# Development

Just clone the repository and you'll be good to go.

# To Do

- Support accentuation. (partial support for now).
- Support hammer.js and/or other touch events librarie.
- Make sure it works well with ~~requireJS~~, AngularJS, MeteorJS, React.
- Publish it to bower and be famous.
- Test with IE11, Chrome, Firefox.
- Test embeded in ~~electron~~ and nwjs.
